 Manifest // ONE NATION
 ======================
 
 > NEED CONTRIBUTION : The english translation of the manifest is a draft. It needs review from native english speakers before using it as the base for other translations.

#### Whereas

Earth is a gigantic living organism.  
An infinity of life forms coexist interdependently.  
Humanity holds a major influence on other terrestrial realms.  
Each human being is a unique and individualized cell of the planet.  
Resilience of an organism is reachable when cells are free to play their roles for the Whole and Its parts.

#### I proclaim

My gratitude towards Life that animates all things.  
My deep respect to all inhabitants of our earthly vessel.  
The primacy of the biologic and conscious being that I am, over the legal entity created after my birth.  
The legitimacy of my creative power as long as it excludes any form of theft, deception, moral or physical violence.  
The absolute responsibility of my thoughts, words and actions generated by my free-will.

#### I undertake

To push away fear so that, with love, I take care of myself and every form of life.   
To seize my power of living human being and use it in the service of harmony.  
To resort to joyful and pacific disobedience whenever fundamental rights of the living are in danger.

_I acknowledge this pact made with myself and Earth. I join by heart the Free Beings of One Nation across all oceans and continents._

---

 [Original manifest](./fr_manifeste.md) finalized on february the 29th of 2020.  
Somewhere in Armorica...

[Read more](./README.md) about the manifest